Update basic.md (#69)
deity-io/falcon-docs: docs/falcon-client/basics.md

### Server Side Rendering

> SSR take place when a website is tfirst opened. All operations are carried out on the server and the browser gets an HTML with all information, same as with typical websites with static pages which search engines can index. After JavaScript is loaded the web turns into a "single page app" and works respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SSR takes place when a website is first opened. All operations are carried out on the server and the browser gets an HTML with all information, same as with typical websites with static pages which search engines can index. After JavaScript is loaded the web turns into a "single page app" and works respectively.
```

> SSR take place when a website is tfirst opened. All operations are carried out on the server and the browser gets an HTML with all information, same as with typical websites with static pages which search engines can index. After JavaScript is loaded the web turns into a "single page app" and works respectively.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
SSR take place when a website is tfirst opened. All operations are carried out on the server and the browser gets an HTML with all information, same as with typical websites with static pages which search engines can index. After JavaScript is loaded the web turns into a "single page app" and works as you would expect.
```

I think this works better

### Google Analytics

To add Google Analytics to your Falcon application you need to configure it in your `client/config/default.json`:

```json
{
  "googleAnalytics": {
    "__typename": "ConfigGoogleAnalytics",
    "trackerID": "<Your Google Analytics Code>"
  }
}
```

Then you need to add the following code to your `App.js`:

```jsx
import withPageview from "@deity/falcon-client/src/components/withPageview";

const App = () => (
  ...
);

export default withPageview(App);
```

> That's it! No further configuration necessary in Falcon or Google Analytics.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
That's it! No further configuration is necessary in Falcon or Google Analytics.
```

### Google Analytics

To add Google Analytics to your Falcon application you need to configure it in your `client/config/default.json`:

```json
{
  "__typename": "ClientConfig",
  "appName": "deity-website",
  "port": 3000,
  "serverSideRendering": true,
  "graphqlUrl": "http://localhost:4000/graphql",
  "apolloClient": {
    "__typename": "ApolloClientConfig",
    "httpLink": {
      "__typename": "ApolloClientConfigHttp",
      "uri": "/graphql"
    }

>   },

Reviewer: @EddyVinck I'd remove this whole part, we only need `googleAnalytics` for this section

  "googleAnalytics": {
    "__typename": "ConfigGoogleAnalytics",
    "trackerID": "<Your Google Analytics Code>"
  }
}
```

Then you need to add the following code to your `App.js`:

```jsx
import withPageview from "@deity/falcon-client/src/components/withPageview";

const App = () => (
  ...
);

export default withPageview(App);
```

> That's it! No further configuration necessary in Falcon or Google Analytics.

Reviewer: https://github.com/deity-io/falcon/blob/6a06eda7fd9c69be147499f7e721f3663cdb1d25/packages/falcon-client/docs/ANALYTICS.md

@EddyVinck Could we move/copy the whole content of this file to our docs? I was thinking to make a dedicated section for analytics (under "Falcon-Client" root section) with this content (could be done in a separate PR)

}
```

> This is all you need to do to add Google Tag Manager to your Falcon project. Falcon-Client will handle the rest automatically.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is all you need to do to add Google Tag Manager to your Falcon project. Falcon Client will handle the rest automatically.
```

`falcon-client` exposes `FalconClientMock` component which allows you to setup application context inside unit test environment.
`FalconClientMock` can receive props for mock version of React context provider components used by `falcon-client` internally:

- `apollo: object` - props for [`MockedProvider`](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/development-testing/testing/#mockedprovider) component from `react-apollo`.
- `router: object` props for [`MemoryRouter`](https://reacttraining.com/react-router/web/api/MemoryRouter) component from `react-router-dom`

> - `i18next: object` - props for `I18nextProvider` component from `react-i18next`

Reviewer: @EddyVinck you're right, we need to change this to `i18next`

> `falcon-client` exposes `FalconClientMock` component which allows you to setup application context inside unit test environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`falcon-client` exposes the `FalconClientMock` component, which allows you to set up application context inside the unit test environment.
```

`FalconClientMock` can receive props for mock version of React context provider components used by `falcon-client` internally:

- `apollo: object` - props for [`MockedProvider`](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/development-testing/testing/#mockedprovider) component from `react-apollo`.
- `router: object` props for [`MemoryRouter`](https://reacttraining.com/react-router/web/api/MemoryRouter) component from `react-router-dom`
- `i18next: object` - props for `I18nextProvider` component from `react-i18next`

example unit test with `FalconClientMock` :

```jsx

> import { FalconClientMock } from "@deity/falcon-client/test-utils";

Reviewer 2: We use `'` in our source code, so that should probably be reflected in the docs. Can probably best be fixed by a run of MarkdownLint, as soon as we merge that.
